feat: applyCRDs on start main queue (#497)
flant/addon-operator: docs/src/RUNNING.md

...
```

> **ADDON_OPERATOR_CRD_EXTRA_LABELS** – string with CRDs label selectors. Default is `heritage=addon-operator`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**ADDON_OPERATOR_CRD_EXTRA_LABELS** – string with CRDs label pairs.
For example: `heritage=my-app,scope=extra`
Default is `heritage=addon-operator`.
```

> **ADDON_OPERATOR_CRD_FILTERS** – String of filters for the CRD, separated by commas. Default is `doc-,_`.

Reviewer: I guess it should be called somthing like `..._CRD_FILTER_PREFIXES`
